README.md, before:

# A page for you

This web page is an example of a [JAMstack] site and can be very simple.

It might get more complex as we dig deeper.


## Building and developing locally

Now we've added a build step so that we can make use of things like templates to help use with repetitive tasks when we add more pages.

After cloning this repository and checking out this branch, you'll need to install some tools and then run the build.

```bash
# install the dependencies
npm install

# Build the site and watch for changes
npm start
```

## Deploy it somewhere

You could take this file and put it on any web host. [JAMstack] sites can be nice and portable like that. To make things simple, there's a button below which will deploy it to [Netlify] for you.


[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/philhawksworth/page-for-you&utm_source=github&utm_medium=fcc-examples-pnh&utm_campaign=devex)

### Prerequisites

- A free GitHub account
- A free [Netlify] account
- [Node and NPM](https://nodejs.org/) installed







[Netlify]: https://netlify.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=fcc-examples-pnh&utm_campaign=devex
[JAMstack]: https://jamstack.org?utm_source=github&utm_medium=fcc-examples-pnh&utm_campaign=devex

Commit message:

Get news data at build time

README.md, after:

# A page for you

This web page is an example of a [JAMstack] site and can be very simple.

It might get more complex as we dig deeper.


## Building and developing locally

Now we've added a build step so that we can make use of things like templates to help use with repetitive tasks when we add more pages. We'll also get some News data from [News API](https://newsapi.org/) which we'll add to our page as we build it.

After cloning this repository and checking out this branch, you'll need to install some tools and then run the build.

```bash
# install the dependencies
npm install

# Build the site and watch for changes
npm start
```

## Deploy it somewhere

You could take this file and put it on any web host. [JAMstack] sites can be nice and portable like that. To make things simple, there's a button below which will deploy it to [Netlify] for you.


[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/philhawksworth/page-for-you&utm_source=github&utm_medium=fcc-examples-pnh&utm_campaign=devex)

### Prerequisites

- A free GitHub account
- A free [Netlify] account
- [Node and NPM](https://nodejs.org/) installed
- A free [News API](https://newsapi.org/) API key save in a `.env` file (as per `.env.sample`)



[Netlify]: https://netlify.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=fcc-examples-pnh&utm_campaign=devex
[JAMstack]: https://jamstack.org?utm_source=github&utm_medium=fcc-examples-pnh&utm_campaign=devex
